This is a growing collection of updated commands I've built up over the recent
years.

************
* COMMANDS *
************


* REFERENCES *

The way references are styled is inspired by Accelerated C++, ISBN
0-201-70353-X. The idea is to both show the section/figure/table section count
AND the page where to find the section/figure/table. This makes for an easier
flipback since you only have to look up the page and then the section on the
page then lookup the section through the entire book with only a rough idea of
where to find the section/figure/table.

\referToSection{<label>}

Refer to labels section:<label>.


\referToFigure{<label>}

Refer to labels figure:<label>.


\referToTable{<label>}

Refer to labels tabel:<label>.


* FIGURES *

\includeFigure[<options>]{<filename>}{<caption>}[<float>]

This command allows you to quickly import a figre using the regular
\includegraphics command from graphicx. The figure is pulled from the
``figures'' directory which is assumed to exist in the project root.

Arguments: 

<options> You have a choice here, either specify a numeric value which will
default to the scale of the included graphic, or the entire options string for
\includegraphics, e.g. "width=\textwidth". Defaults to 1.

<filename> The graphic filename with/without extension. The figure's label is
thereafter deterministically set to "figure:filename".

<caption> The caption for the image. Commands are allowed in the caption.

<float> This argument to allows you to change the floating options of the figure.
Defaults to htbp!.


* SECTIONS *

\startSection[<level>]{<name>}[<label>]

A shorthand for defining sections, subsection and so on which also defines a
label for the section.

Arguments:

<level> Level of the section to define, for now only 1, 2 & 3 are supported.
Defaults to 1.

<name> Name of the section. If the name matches [a-z_-' ]/i, the label becomes
the name lower-cased with space characters replaced by dashes. This allows to
quickly reference a section, subsection etc. using the
\referToSection{section-name}. ATTENTION! If the name contains other than the
aforementioned characters and and no label override is provided, no warning or
error is produced, so the script may fail. 

<label> Override label to allow commands and other special characters in the
name. The final label is always prefixed with section: regardleth of the depth.
Defaults to : see <name> argument.
